Add snippet compiler docs (#2146)
scala/docs.scala-lang: scala3/scaladoc.md

> The following features are currently (May 2021) not stable to be released with scaladoc, however we are happy to hear your feedback. Each feature has its own thread at scala-lang contributors site, where you can share your opinions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of May, 2021, the following features are not currently stable enough to be released with the scaladoc tool, but we are happy to hear your feedback. Each feature has its own thread at the scala-lang contributors site, where you can share your opinions.
```

- Should "scaladoc" be shown as `scaladoc`?
- It would be good to provide a link to the scala-lang contributors site

> ### Snippet checking

Reviewer 2: “checking” is a bit vague to me, I think “compiling” has a more intuitive meaning to me. But YMMV. Or maybe “type-checking”?

Author: changed

> One of the experimental features of Scaladoc will be a snippets compiler. This tool will allow you to compile snippets that you attach to your docstring  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the experimental features of Scaladoc is a snippets compiler. This tool will allow you to compile snippets that you attach to your docstring  
```

Should “Scaladoc” be “the Scaladoc tool”, or “the `scaladoc` tool”?

> to check that they actually behave as intended, e. g. compile or throw some exception. The feature is very similar to `tut` or `mdoc` tools, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to check that they actually behave as intended, e.g., to properly compile or throw some exception. This feature is very similar to the `tut` or `mdoc` tools, 
```

> but will be shipped with Scaladoc out of the box for easy setup and integration into your project. Making snippets interactive, e. g. user could edit them and compile in the browser is under consideration, though it is not in scope yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but will be shipped with Scaladoc out of the box for easy setup and integration into your project. Making snippets interactive---e.g., letting users edit and compile them in the browser---is under consideration, though this feature is not in scope at this time.
```

Showcase:
* Hiding code ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/resources/images/scala3/scaladoc/hiding-code.gif)
* Assert compilation errors ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/resources/images/scala3/scaladoc/assert-compilation-errors.gif)
* Snippet includes ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/resources/images/scala3/scaladoc/snippet-includes.png)

> For more information see [Guides](/scala3/guides/scaladoc/snippet-compiler.html) or follow this [thread](https://contributors.scala-lang.org/t/snippet-validation-in-scaladoc-for-scala-3/4976)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see [Guides](/scala3/guides/scaladoc/snippet-compiler.html), or follow this [Scala Contributors thread](https://contributors.scala-lang.org/t/snippet-validation-in-scaladoc-for-scala-3/4976)
```
